Docs/cluster peering 1.15 updates (#16291)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/cluster-peering/usage/k8s.mdx

    ```shell-session
    $ export CLUSTER1_CONTEXT=<CONTEXT for first Kubernetes cluster>
    $ export CLUSTER2_CONTEXT=<CONTEXT for second Kubernetes cluster>
    ```

### Update the Helm chart

To use cluster peering with Consul on Kubernetes deployments, update the Helm chart with the required values. After updating the Helm chart, you can use the `consul-k8s` CLI to apply `values.yaml` to each cluster.

1. In `cluster-01`, run the following commands:

  ```shell-session
    $ export HELM_RELEASE_NAME=cluster-01
    $ helm install ${HELM_RELEASE_NAME} hashicorp/consul --create-namespace --namespace consul --version "1.0.1" --values values.yaml --set global.datacenter=dc1 --kube-context $CLUSTER1_CONTEXT
  ```

1. In `cluster-02`, run the following commands:

  ```shell-session
  $ export HELM_RELEASE_NAME=cluster-02
  $ helm install ${HELM_RELEASE_NAME} hashicorp/consul --create-namespace --namespace consul --version "1.0.1" --values values.yaml --set global.datacenter=dc2 --kube-context $CLUSTER2_CONTEXT
  ```

## Mesh gateway configuration for Kubernetes

> Mesh gateways are required for cluster peering connections. To add mesh gateways to your deployment in order to use cluster peering complete the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mesh gateways are required for cluster peering connections. Complete the following steps to add mesh gateways to your deployment in order to use cluster peering:
```
I know you normally like the infinitive at the beginning, but balance between the clauses is a little weird.

1. In the `PeeringAcceptor` CRD, add the annotation `consul.hashicorp.com/peering-version`. If the annotation already exists, update its value to a higher version.

    <CodeBlockConfig filename="acceptor.yml" highlight="6" hideClipboard>

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: consul.hashicorp.com/v1alpha1
    kind: PeeringAcceptor
    metadata:
      name: cluster-02
      annotations:
        consul.hashicorp.com/peering-version: "1" ## The peering version you want to set, must be in quotes
    spec:
      peer:
        secret:
          name: "peering-token"
          key: "data"
          backend: "kubernetes"
    ```

    </CodeBlockConfig>

1. After updating `PeeringAcceptor`, repeat the following steps to create a peering connection:
      1. [Create a peering token](#create-a-peering-token)
      1. [Establish a peering connection between clusters](#establish-a-peering-connection-between-clusters)
      1. [Export services between clusters](#export-services-between-clusters)
      1. [Authorize services for peers](#authorize-services-for-peers)

      Your peering connection is re-established with the updated token.

> ~> **Note:** The only way to create or set a new peering token is to manually adjust the value of the annotation `consul.hashicorp.com/peering-version`. Creating a new token causes the previous token to expire.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **Compatibility warning:** The only way to create or set a new peering token is to manually adjust the value of the annotation `consul.hashicorp.com/peering-version`. Creating a new token causes the previous token to expire.
```
I'm not sure that this elevates to the level of warning or if this is right category. I would just take it out of the callout.
